---
title: "Weekly English Learnings"
category: 2017/03/12
tags: english
created_at: 2017-03-12 15:22:18 +0900
updated_at: 2017-03-12 15:22:18 +0900
published: true
number: 638
---

Weeklyにしてみた

# Word Definitions
http://www.ldoceonline.com/

* slightly
    * a little
* persuade
    * to make someone decide to do something, especially by giving them reasons why they should do it, or asking them many times to do it
* qualification
    * if you have a qualification, you have passed an examination or course to show you have a particular level of skill or knowledge in a subject
* insurance
    * an arrangement with a company in which you pay them money, especially regularly, and they pay the costs if something bad happens, for example if you become ill or your car is damaged
* fringe benefit
    * an additional service or advantage given with a job besides wages
* highlight
    * to make a problem or subject easy to notice so that people pay attention to it
* facilitate
    * to make it easier for a process or activity to happen
* mandatory
    * if something is mandatory, the law says it must be done SYN  compulsory, obligatory
* virtue
    * moral goodness of character and behaviour
* recap
    * to repeat the main points of something that has just been said
* anticipate
    * to expect that something will happen and be ready for it
* tightly
    * very firmly or closely
* thrill
    * to make someone feel excited and happy
* universe
    * a world or an area of space that is different from the one we are in
    * 分野、領域
* strive
    * to make a great effort to achieve something
* eligible
    * someone who is eligible for something is able or allowed to do it, for example because they are the right age

# Practical Words
* under the weather
    * 体の具合がよくない、二日酔いで
* How are things going?
    * 調子はどう？
    * How are things going at work?
* How's everything?
    * 調子はどう？
* I can't complain
    * まあまあだね
* brief
    * ビジネス用語
    * 概要、サマリー、Expectation、Requirementなどの簡潔な文書
* easy
    * 落ち着いて！
* come out with ...
    * ...をみせる
* Did you get five?
    * もう5個できた？
* as minimal as they need
    * 必要最低限
* bunch of
    * たくさんの、かなりの数の
* marinate
    * アイディアを一晩寝かせる、みたいな感じ
    * = sleep on it
* sleep on it
    * ちょっと考えさせて
    * アイディア・考えを一晩寝かせる
* glad to hear that
    * それは良かった
* well done
    * お見事！
