---
title: "Weekly English Learnings"
category: 2017/04/02
tags: english
created_at: 2017-04-02 01:27:54 +0900
updated_at: 2017-04-02 01:27:54 +0900
published: true
number: 663
---

3週間分ぐらい :sweat_smile: 

# Word Definitions
http://www.ldoceonline.com/

* chit-chat
    * conversation about things that are not very important
* critique
    * to say how good or bad a book, play, painting, or set of ideas is
* nurse
    * someone whose job is to look after people who are ill or injured, usually in a hospital
* radiology
    * the study and medical use of radiation
* committee
    * a group of people chosen to do a particular job, make decisions etc
* tap
    * especially British English a piece of equipment for controlling the flow of water, gas etc from a pipe or container
    * a specially shaped object used for letting liquid out of a barrel, especially beer
* ancient
    * belonging to a time long ago in history, especially thousands of years ago
* throughout
    * in every part of a particular area, place etc
    * during all of a particular period, from the beginning to the end
* blink
    * to shut and open your eyes quickly
    * if lights blink, they shine unsteadily or go on and off quickly
* so far
    * until now
* embrace
    * to include something as part of a subject, discussion etc
* acquaintance
    * someone you know, but who is not a close friend
* predictive
    * relating to the ability to show what is going to happen in the future
* exploit
    *  to treat someone unfairly by asking them to do things for you, but giving them very little in return – used to show disapproval
    * to use something fully and effectively
    * to develop and use minerals, forests, oil etc for business or industry
* harden
    * to become firm or stiff, or to make something firm or stiff
* properly
    * correctly, or in a way that is considered right
* compromise
    * to do something which is against your principles and which therefore seems dishonest or shameful
* reliable
    * someone or something that is reliable can be trusted or depended on
* vibrant
    * full of activity or energy in a way that is exciting and attractive 
* mundane
    * ordinary and not interesting or exciting

# Practical Words
* nothing special
    * What's up? みたいな挨拶の返事
* too broad
    * 議論するには広すぎるテーマだ。みたいな
* long time no see
    * 久しぶり
* What's on tap for today?
    * 今日の予定は？
* How's the world treating you?
    * 久しぶりに会ったとき、話したときのWhat's up?みたいな
* What do you say?
    * どう思う？
* How's it going?
    * 親しみ感があるHow are you?
* How have you been
    * 久しぶりに会ったときの「元気にしてた？」「最近どう？」みたいな
* Nice to hear that
    * 〜がきけてよかった
* accordance
    * 一致、調和
    * be in accordance with 〜に従って
    * in accordance with the law
* psyched
    * 非常にワクワクして
* I couldn't make it without your help
* Doing okay?
    * How are you
    * progress in life
* What have you been up to?
    * 久しぶりに会ったときの挨拶。具体的にしていたことを答える
    * What has your wife been up to?
* How are you getting on?
    * インフォーマル
* How goes it (with you)?
* Nothing much
* Nothing new
* Not bad at all
    * まあまあ not badより良い
* Everything okay?
    * 挨拶。順調？
* What's the progress?
    * 進捗どうですか
    * インフォーマル
* It's alright
    * 問題ない
* Still the same
    * 相変わらずだよ
    * It's alright, still the same
* redact
    * 編集する、改定する
* extensibility
    * 拡張性
